# Ordaos Bio

Ordaos is a human-enabled, machine-driven drug design company. Through partnership with industry and academia, the dedicated Ordaos team leverages proprietary multitask meta-learning and reinforcement learning to create bespoke mini-proteins that help pharma and biotechs around the world deliver safer and more effective life-saving treatments in a fraction of the time of traditional discovery methods. Ordaos does this by creating billions of proteins and evaluating their properties in silico, to reliably and repeatedly deliver de novo mini-proteins that achieve the requirements drug hunters only dream of. Ordaos then proves its consistency and unparalleled efficacy by rigorously synthesizing and testing top-ranking sequences in vitro. The result is Ordaos miniPRO, a class of mini-proteins that threaten to revolutionize the role of proteins in drug discovery. miniPRO proteins provide the power and performance of antibodies, but are configurable, more stable, and easier to manufacture. By maximizing drug candidate delivery speed, novelty, and probability of clinical success, Ordaos can provide the highest client confidence in every investigational new drug (IND) application. What’s more, clients that work with Ordaos see a return on their investment in weeks, rather than months or years. Most importantly, Ordaos miniPRO proteins help birth novel therapies that reduce patient suffering, improve health, and extend life.

## Mini Proteins
Ordaos miniPRO proteins help drug hunters birth novel therapies that reduce patient suffering, improve health, and extend life. These bespoke mini-proteins provide the power and performance of antibodies, but are configurable, more stable, and easier to scaleup and manufacture. miniPRO proteins are 20× smaller than traditional monoclonal antibodies enabling them to more easily penetrate and effectively treat disease microenvironments. Finally, the mini-proteins are engineered to eliminate development liabilities – aggregation, insolubility, and heterogeneity – providing clients the highest confidence in every investigational new drug (IND) application.

## Ordaos Design Engine
The Ordaos Design Engine is a multitask meta-learning engine that leverages continuous learning loops and proprietary data sets to translate human-targeted product criteria into machine-designed mini-proteins. Starting with amino acids, and using purposeful design criteria (based on a molecular TPP) for each amino acid selection, the engine generates, appraises, and ranks billions of protein sequences, hundreds of thousands of protein structures and properties to create miniPRO, Ordaos’ de novo class of mini-proteins. These versatile mini-proteins are further evaluated to provide intelligent feedback on multiple design objectives including protein structure, binding specificity and affinity, solubility, stability, immunogenicity, and developability. The analysis feeds the protein generator and optimizer within a reinforcement learning loop, to iteratively improve and deliver optimized mini-proteins that meet the client’s molecular target product profile (mTPP). Using this approach, the Ordaos Design Engine creates more ideal, unseen protein possibilities than others. Mini-proteins produced by the Ordaos Design Engine are more therapeutically effective, less likely to cause adverse side effects, and are easier and less expensive to develop, test, and manufacture than traditional proteins.
